JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
Conservatives gather for an
annual conference
as they work on shaping the
Trump era agenda
with a Republican-controlled
Congress.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also ahead
this Thursday:
As top U.S. officials meet with
their Mexican
counterparts, we talk with an
influential
congressional leader to discuss
new immigration
plans.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And Jeffrey Brown
sits down
with the makers of the
Oscar-nominated documentary
"White Helmets" about the heroes
of the Syrian
conflict.
ORLANDO VON EINSIEDEL, Director,
"The White
Helmets": This group of everyday
Syrian civilians
who had decided not to pick up a
gun, decided
not to leave Syria, and instead
had decided
to stay.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All that and
more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: President Trump's
top advisers
took the stage today at the
annual Conservative
Political Action Conference.
They're among the thousands
who've gathered
just across the river from
Washington to discuss
the future of the conservative
movement, now
that a Republican is back in
power.
John Yang has our report.
JOHN YANG: This year's
Conservative Political
Action Conference, or CPAC,
clearly reflects
the new resident of the White
House.
KELLYANNE CONWAY, Trump Senior
Adviser: Well,
I think, by tomorrow, this will
be TPAC this
year.
JOHN YANG: Eight top
administration officials,
including President Trump
himself, are on
the three-day agenda.
Today's lead-off speaker, White
House counselor
Kellyanne Conway.
KELLYANNE CONWAY: Every great
movement ends
up being a little bit sclerotic
and dusty
after a time, and I think they
need an infusion
of energy.
And in the case of candidate
Trump and president-elect
and nominee Trump, he went right
to the grassroots
and brought you along.
JOHN YANG: That new energy is
evident among
many conference attendees.
MAN: There's so many people and
there's so
many ideas and all of the
speakers and everything.
It's really exciting.
WOMAN: We know that we have a
voice.
The president talks straight to
us now, and
this is our chance to talk back.
JOHN YANG: Last year, at the
height of the
Republican presidential
primaries, candidate
Trump skipped CPAC altogether.
And while the Trump team has
taken over this
year's schedule, the question is
whether they
are also taking over the
conservative movement.
Today, White House chief of
staff Reince Priebus,
the former party chairman, and
senior Trump
adviser Steve Bannon, the
insurgent-turned-insider,
sought to present a united
front.
They dismissed reports of White
House infighting.
REINCE PRIEBUS, White House
Chief Of Staff:
In regard to us two I think the
biggest misconception
is everything that you're
reading.
STEVE BANNON, White House Chief
Strategist:
Reince is indefatigable.
I mean, it's low-key, but it's
determination,
the thing I respect most.
And the only way this thing
works is, Reince
is always kind of steady.
JOHN YANG: Bannon said the
president's attitude
is full steam ahead.
STEVE BANNON: He's going to
continue to press
his agenda.
And as economic conditions get
better, as
more jobs get better, they're
going to continue
to fight.
If you think they're going to
give you your
country back without a fight,
you're sadly
mistaken.
Every day, every day, it's going
to be a fight.
JOHN YANG: Earlier, the
executive director
of the American Conservative
Union, which
organizes CPAC, slammed the
alt-right movement,
a mix of white nationalism,
neo-Nazi beliefs
and hard-edged populism.
DAN SCHNEIDER, Executive
Director, American
Conservative Union: We know who
these people
are.
They met just a couple months
ago in Washington,
D.C., to spew their hatred and
make their
"Heil Hitler" salutes.
They are anti-Semites.
They are racists.
They are sexists.
JOHN YANG: Richard Spencer, the
man credited
with coining the phrase
alt-right, attended
today's conference, but said he
was asked
to leave.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm John
Yang.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We will take a
closer look
at President Trump's inner
circle, and the
role his senior adviser Steve
Bannon is playing,
later in the program.
In the day's other news:
President Trump says
that he wants to build up the
U.S. nuclear
arsenal to make sure that it's
-- quote -- "at
the top of the pack."
In an interview with Reuters,
Mr. Trump also
denounced Russia's launch of a
ground-based
cruise missile as a violation of
a 1987 arms
control treaty.
And he said he supports some
form of a border
tax, but offered no specifics.
HARI SREENIVASAN: President
Trump's education
secretary defended the rollback
of public
school bathroom rules for
transgender students.
The Education and Justice
Departments last
night withdrew guidance on the
issue from
the Obama administration.
It had said public schools must
let transgender
students use the bathroom of
their choice.
At today's CPAC conference,
Betsy DeVos insisted
students, parents and teachers
need more flexibility.
BETSY DEVOS, U.S. Education
Secretary: This
issue was a very huge example of
the Obama
administration's overreach, to
suggest a one-size-fits-all,
federal government approach,
top-down approach
to issues that are best dealt
with and solved
at a personal level and a local
level.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The White
House yesterday
denied reports that DeVos
opposed changes
to the guidance, but was
overruled by the
Justice Department.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A number of
Republican lawmakers
home on break this week are
facing angry constituents
at town hall meetings.
Some attendees have expressed
concerns about
President Trump and his
approaches to environmental
protection and the Affordable
Care Act.
In Arkansas last night, Senator
Tom Cotton
was confronted by shouting
demonstrators who
asked about the health care
issue.
WOMAN: Will you commit to
replacements in
the same way that you have
committed to the
repeal?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN.
TOM COTTON (R), Arkansas:
Everyone in this
room has been hurt or helped...
WOMAN: I have only been helped.
Obamacare saved my life,
Senator.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Meanwhile, amid
more jeers
in Louisiana, Republican Senator
Bill Cassidy
was asked if he would author
legislation to
get rid of big contributions in
elections.
REP.
BILL CASSIDY (R), Louisiana: To
get money
out of politics means that you
would need
to have public funding.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(SHOUTING)
REP.
BILL CASSIDY: I fundamentally
disagree.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The protest bears
similarity
to events in the summer of 2009,
when Tea
Party groups voiced discontent
about President
Obama's health care overhaul.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Attorney
General Jeff Sessions
will let the federal government
continue to
use private prisons.
He issued a new memo today.
It replaces an Obama
administration memo that
intended to phase them out,
citing subpar
management.
And also from the Trump
administration today,
there's a sign that states with
recreational
marijuana use laws have stricter
federal enforcement
in store.
White House Press Secretary Sean
Spicer said
the Department of Justice will
be looking
into it.
Newly released e-mails show a
cozy relationship
between the now head of the
Environmental
Protection Agency and energy
companies.
Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma's former
attorney general,
was sworn in as EPA chief last
week.
More than 7,500 pages of e-mails
from his
attorney general's office were
released under
court order.
They show Pruitt and his staff
coordinated
with oil and gas executives to
fight Obama
era environmental regulations.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Iraq,
U.S.-backed Iraqi
forces fought their way into a
military base
outside Mosul, and onto the
grounds of the
city's airport.
It's part of a major assault to
drive Islamic
State fighters out of Iraq's
second biggest
city.
Iraqi police units and army
forces engaged
in heavy clashes with ISIS
militants, before
seizing the airport's runway.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Back in this
country, officials
are investigating, after an
off-duty Los Angeles
policeman fired his gun during a
dispute with
teenagers on his lawn.
Cell phone video showed the
officer struggling
with a 13-year-old yesterday.
After other kids approached, the
man pulled
a gun from his waistband and
fired a shot.
No one was hurt, but two teens
were arrested.
Protests erupted overnight, with
hundreds
marching through the streets.
Some blocked traffic, and 24
people were arrested.
The officer was placed on
administrative leave.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stocks were
mostly higher on
Wall Street today.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained more
than 34 points to close at
20810.
The Nasdaq fell 25, and the S&P
500 added
nearly a point.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Still to come
on the "NewsHour":
the chairman of the House
Homeland Security
Committee on plans to tighten
immigration
policies; the changing face of
the GOP under
President Trump and his inner
circle; why
more white Americans are dying
in middle age;
and much more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We turn now to
the Trump administration's
push to increase security along
the southern
border and at U.S. points of
entry.
The chairman of the House
Homeland Security
Committee, Representative
Michael McCaul,
joined me a short time ago from
his home state
of Texas.
He toured the U.S.-Mexico border
yesterday
as part of a congressional
delegation.
I asked if he believed it's
necessary to build
a physical wall along the entire
border, as
the president has suggested.
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL (R), Texas: No, I
don't think
we need a 2,000-mile wall down
there.
We need a physical barrier,
multilayered approach,
using both physical
infrastructure, but also
technology and personnel.
Those are the three main things
that Border
Patrol tells us they need.
And we need some creativity to
make a smart
border to get operational
control.
And so what we saw yesterday,
Judy, I thought
was very interesting was how, in
McAllen and
Hidalgo county, they created a
levee to protect
them from floods that was in
essence a concrete
levee that could operate and
looked sort of
like a wall, but, at the same
time, was embraced
by the local community residents
as being
a solution to the problem, that
the county
judge in Hidalgo County told us
they wanted
us to go that direction, rather
than erecting
a 20-foot concrete wall.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's interesting
you say that,
because I was going to ask you
about a number
of other Republican members of
Congress, your
colleagues, who are saying a
wall may be part
of the solution, but it's not
the only solution.
I saw Congressman Will Hurd, who
represents
a border district, said the wall
is the most
expensive and, in his words,
least effective
way to secure the border.
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: Well, I think
it's necessary
in some places to basically slow
down illegals
or potential terrorists or
funnel them.
And we essentially, Judy,
because of the Secure
Fence Act, have fencing between
San Diego
almost all the way the El Paso.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: I think the Rio
Grande Valley
sector, where I was with the
speaker yesterday
in my state of Texas, presents a
challenge,
because you have a river.
It's not just land.
You have a river there and you
have land owners
that have -- want to have access
to that river.
And so I think these creative
solutions like
this concrete levee system I
think provide
a creative way to do it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mr. Chairman, you
announced
today the launch of a
congressional task force.
You're calling it denying
terrorists entry
into the United States, looking
for all the
potential pathways by which
extremists, in
your word, might enter this
country.
How is this going to be
different from what
the federal government has been
doing and
spending billions of dollars
doing since 9/11?
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: Well, we had a
foreign fighter
task force last Congress that
provided legislative
solutions, some of which were
signed into
law by then President Obama,
dealing with
foreign fighter threat from the
caliphate,
Iraq and Syria, into Europe and
into the United
States.
We're going to be examining, how
can we more
properly screen and vet people
coming into
the United States?
We will also be looking at the
border.
We will also be taking a look
at, how can
you vet refugees as well?
You know, I think you can
enhance this process
and certainly deploy ICE
officials at consular
offices where they apply for the
visas and
have a higher vetting process on
the front
end, when they're applying for
the visas.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, one of the
things you
focus on in this document that I
was looking
are American citizens crossing
back into this
country.
We know that the people behind
some of the
most recent terror attacks in
this country
in San Bernardino, Orlando were
American citizens.
But what more can you do?
How do you screen American
citizens without
profiling them or without
violating their
civil liberties?
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: Well, I think
you always have
to be a little more careful,
like we saw in
the executive order, denying
lawful permanent
residents access in the United
States.
I think that was the glitch in
that executive
order that I think will be
remedied in short
order, I am told.
But I think you can look at --
the case Rahami,
the New York bomber, is a prime
example of
how we could have maybe done a
better job.
This is where the FBI had opened
a case.
His father said he's a
terrorist.
And, after the fact, we find out
his travels
to Afghanistan and Pakistan led
him to more
radicalized mosques.
And yet we didn't have that
intelligence ready
to vet him when he was going
through secondary
screening trying to come back
into the United
States.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: And what was the
result?
Two bombs going off, one in New
Jersey and
one in New York.
And that's the kind of example
of a case,
better intelligence-sharing,
connecting the
dots, looking at social media.
Any employer is going to look at
your social
media before they hire you.
Why aren't we doing that when we
screen people
coming into the United States?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Another thing I
want to ask
you about is something President
Trump said
today about enforcing
immigration.
He talked about the effort to
round up immigrants
as a military operation and he
talked about
ridding the U.S. of, in his
words, really
bad dudes.
Is that how you see this?
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: We have to
comply with federal
law in doing this.
You can't just put the military
in the streets
of the United States rounding up
illegal aliens.
I think that would be a
violation of federal
law.
And I think Secretary Kelly,
General Kelly,
came out not too long after that
to correct
that statement that he has no
intent to dispatch,
you know, military officers into
the streets.
We have a civilian police force
in the United
States for a reason, and that's
our police
officers, our ICE agents, not
the military.
I think that would be a big
mistake.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
Just a couple of other quick
things I want
to ask you about, Mr. Chairman.
The president also said today
that if countries
are going to have nuclear
weapons, then he
said the United States needs to
be at the
top of the back, in his words,
meaning increasing
the U.S. nuclear arsenal.
Do you see that?
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: Well, I know
that in my dealings
with the president and looking
at the SALT
treaty with Russia in terms of
how they built
more capability than we have, I
think all
along his theme has been, we
want to build
a greater military, one that is
respected
around the world.
I believe the previous
administration shrunk
from some of our
responsibilities as a superpower
and made the world a more
dangerous place.
I think he's trying to project
strength, so
we can have peace through
strength in the
end.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let me ask
you, finally,
about meeting your constituents.
In your case, it's Texas' 10th
District.
It stretches from Austin to the
Houston suburbs.
I'm sure you know that
thousands, maybe tens
of thousands of Americans have
been gathering
at town halls sponsored by your
Republican
colleagues in Congress the last
couple of
weeks, many of them angry, many
of them upset
about policies of President
Trump.
Are you going to be meeting with
your constituents
in the near future?
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: I always do.
And, look, this is what
democracy is all about.
People have every right to
protest whoever's
in the White House, without fear
of persecution.
If this happened in Iran, people
would be
shot on the streets.
This is the United States of
America, and
we have a First Amendment that
protects this
kind of speech.
And I think it's just part of
the democratic
process.
I'm planning to hold what's
called a telephone
town hall, where we have greater
bandwidth,
and I will be able to reach
probably 40,000
to 50,000 of my constituents
throughout my
district in effective sort of
media technology.
So, we...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: And in person,
too?
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: We do meet with
them.
Unfortunately, we had protesters
at my office
in Austin.
And we meet with them and talk
to them and
make sure that their voices are
heard, too,
because, you know, we represent
all Americans,
just not one side of the aisle.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Do you agree with
the president's
words, finally, Mr. Chairman,
that these are,
in his words, so-called angry
crowds that
are actually planned out, in his
words, by
liberal activists?
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: Well, they are
activists.
But we had the Tea Party that
were activists.
And now we're seeing this sort
of liberal
phenomenon of activists that are
speaking
out.
And they have every right to do
so.
I think we need to respect that
in this country.
It's just part of the democratic
process.
So, I don't condemn them.
I try to educate them as best I
can.
But, above all, I think what's
missing right
now in this country is really a
tone of civility
and the fact that we are all
Americans.
And I think that's a message
that, unfortunately,
I'm not hearing a lot from our
leaders today.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I think a lot of
people would
agree with you about that.
Chairman Michael McCaul, the
chairman of the
House Homeland Security
Committee, thank you
very much.
REP.
MICHAEL MCCAUL: Thank you, Judy.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
secretaries of state
and homeland security were in
Mexico City
today on what was originally
seen as a fence-mending
mission after months of
turbulence.
But with new immigration
policies roiling
the relationship, it shaped up
to be what
Mr. Trump called a tough trip.
JOHN KELLY, U.S. Homeland
Security Secretary:
Let me be very, very clear:
There will be
no, repeat, no mass
deportations.
HARI SREENIVASAN: That's
Homeland Security
Secretary John Kelly on a joint
mission with
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
days after
Kelly's department signaled a
crackdown on
illegal immigration.
JOHN KELLY: Everything we do in
DHS will be
done legally and according to
human rights
and the legal justice system of
the United
States.
HARI SREENIVASAN: This morning,
Mr. Trump
said the U.S. needed a more
muscular deportation
force:
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
We're getting really bad dudes
out of this
country, and at a rate that
nobody's seen
before.
And they're the bad ones.
And it's a military operation.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In Mexico
City, Kelly seemed
to walk back his boss' words.
JOHN KELLY: No, repeat, no use
of military
force in immigration operations,
none.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The White
House press secretary
later sought to clarify the
president's comments.
SEAN SPICER, White House Press
Secretary:
The president was using that as
an adjective.
It's happening with precision.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The visit,
billed as reassurance
to concerned Mexican
counterparts, comes amid
heightened tensions between the
neighbors.
Earlier this week, a memo from
the Department
of Homeland Security vastly
expanded the government's
mandate to quickly deport
immigrants not convicted
of serious crimes.
The memo also said anyone caught
illegally
crossing the southern border
would be sent
back to Mexico, regardless of
their home country.
President Trump has ordered a
review of all
aid to Mexico, raising
speculation that the
administration may cut those
funds to pay
for Mr. Trump's long-promised
border wall.
Concerned Mexicans have urged
President Enrique
Pena Nieto's government to stand
up to the
Trump administration.
With Tillerson at his side,
Mexico's foreign
minister called for dialogue,
but said his
country was -- quote -- "worried
and irritated"
by the policy shifts.
LUIS VIDEGARAY, Mexican Foreign
Minister (through
translator): In order to
overcome the insults,
to overcome the negative
feelings that, without
a doubt today prevail, what will
matter are
the actions, more than the
words.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Tillerson said
it was natural
for two strong countries to
disagree, but
that progress had been made.
REX TILLERSON, U.S. Secretary of
State: There's
no mistaking that the rule of
law matters
along both sides of our border.
We discussed the importance of
fair treatment
of all those in this transit.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Later,
Tillerson and Kelly
met the Mexican president, who
has sparred
with Mr. Trump both during
campaign and since
the inauguration, over the wall,
immigration
and trade.
Joining me now to discuss the
trip to Mexico
and how Secretary Tillerson's
State Department
is taking shape are Gardiner
Harris of The
New York Times.
He's in Mexico City right now.
And Yeganeh Torbati, she covers
the State
Department for Reuters.
Gardiner, let me start with you.
The word choice by the president
to say military
operation today, and Secretary
Kelly going
out of his way to make sure that
everyone
knew that it wasn't the
military, it almost
made it seem like there were two
messengers,
two messages, two teams.
GARDINER HARRIS, The New York
Times: Right.
Well, that's been the problem
all along during
the Trump administration,
particularly for
the State Department.
And leaders around the world are
having trouble
figuring out who they should
listen to.
Should they listen to the State
Department
and Rex Tillerson, who is very
straight?
He's sort of a traditional
Republican.
He's trying to keep alliances
and ties across
the world to our various allies,
particularly
with Mexico.
Or should they listen to the
more bombastic
statements from Trump?
Tillerson was in Europe last
week trying to
calm everything down.
So was Mike Pence, saying that
we value NATO,
we value E.U.
But those are not messages that
President
Trump has said.
He's insulted the E.U.
He's insulted NATO.
And the same thing is going on
in Mexico right
now.
In fact, just today, as you
played, the president
had talked to a bunch of CEOs in
a roundtable,
and he mentioned Mexico five or
six different
times, suggesting that Mexico
has really been
stealing jobs from the United
States, has
this $70 billion trade surplus,
and that that
has to stop.
And he sort of said, look, I
want to have
good relations with Mexico, but,
if we don't,
we don't.
And so that gives, obviously,
some very difficult
times for the diplomats here,
who are trying
to certainly change some things
about immigration
and enforcement with the
Mexicans, but keeping
what has been a vital alliance
with the Mexicans,
because the Mexicans, of course,
there is
not now any immigration of
Mexicans in the
United States.
Most of the immigration is from
Central America.
And the Mexicans are crucial
allies in slowing
that immigration.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Yeganeh
Torbati, we were
just saying you have been
covering the State
Department.
But there haven't been any daily
press briefings
since Mr. Tillerson took office.
This is also, in some ways, the
opposite of
the personality of John Kerry,
who put himself
in the middle of everything, was
taking questions
all the time.
YEGANEH TORBATI, Reuters: Right.
I mean, Secretary Tillerson
comes from a very
different background.
He comes from a private sector
background
and then, in particular, from
ExxonMobil,
where they really weren't
well-known for their
public engagement or their
engagement with
the press.
And, just as you said, there
hasn't been a
State Department press briefing
since January
19, the last full day of
President Obama's
presidency.
And that has taken away a
megaphone that the
State Department traditionally
has to speak
on issues of international
importance, not
only to put their own views out
there, but
also to respond to other
countries.
And that briefing is not just
useful for reporters
like myself.
It's also looked to very closely
by countries
around the world, both allies
and adversaries,
for clues on, what is the U.S.
policy towards
Israeli settlements, towards the
arrests of
journalists by Turkey, for
example, and other
things that may happen around
the world?
And it's also looked to within
the State Department.
Preparing the different bureaus
for that press
briefing, sending up talking
points, is part
of sometimes the policy process
itself.
And without that daily kind of
organizing
structure, there is a little bit
of a sense
of loss right now at the State
Department
within those kind of lower ranks
and within
the bureaus.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Gardiner
Harris, today,
we heard the Mexican leaders
say, we're willing
to talk about immigration, but
we also want
to talk about trade and
security.
Why did they want to lump those
in?
GARDINER HARRIS: Well, exactly.
Well, for the Mexicans, of
course, there's
a lot of issues that happen at
the border,
not just issues that are of
concern to the
United States, but are issues
that are of
concern to Mexico.
For instance, there is a huge
amount of guns
that come from the United States
into Mexico.
There is a lot of bulk cash that
comes from
the United States into Mexico
that feeds the
narco-trafficking gangs in
Mexico.
So, Mexico, of course, wants to
expand the
list of things to talk about
because this
is a two-way relationship.
And for the Mexicans, they want
to help the
United States in the issues that
the United
States is worried about, but
only if they
have a little bit of help, too.
And, you know, Mexico, at this
point, has
largely been quiet.
They have taken a lot of bombast
from the
United States.
The president here, President
Pena Nieto,
has not been popular because he
has not really
spat back at Trump.
But the Mexicans have a lot of
levers here.
They are the largest buyers, for
instance,
of corn in the United States.
They are the largest buyers of a
huge number
of other agricultural products
from the United
States.
And if things go south in this
relationship
-- it has gone south
tremendously over the
last month.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Yes.
GARDINER HARRIS: If it gets
really worse,
the Mexicans can make things
hurt in the United
States in places where the
United States really
doesn't want to have it go bad.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Yeganeh
Torbati, there has
been this narrative, fair or
unfair, that
the State Department has been
somewhat sidelined
in the major decision processes
that have
already faced the Trump
administration and
perhaps, in certain times, they
have not even
been consulted before executive
orders and
so forth are rolled out.
YEGANEH TORBATI: I think that we
want to be
cautious.
Rex Tillerson has been on the
job for about
three weeks now.
Things are -- he's still sort of
getting his
bearings.
But it's true that we have a
number of data
points that suggest that there
isn't lot of
consultation.
Of course, the State Department,
Rex Tillerson's
aides would push back on that.
They say he's in touch with
President Trump
several times a day.
But we know, from our reporting
and from others'
reporting, that he wasn't
consulted on any
sort of change to the White
House language
regarding U.S. support for the
two-state solution,
which happened last week.
That was a surprise to him.
And we don't know if that is
deliberate, or
was it just sort of a result of
the chaos
that seems to be evident at the
White House
right now?
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Yeganeh Torbati
from Reuters, Gardiner Harris
from The New
York Times, thank you both.
YEGANEH TORBATI: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: As we saw
earlier, President
Trump's top advisers presented a
picture of
unity at the annual Conservative
Political
Action Conference, or CPAC, in
Maryland today.
Mr. Trump's chief strategist,
Steve Bannon,
and his chief of staff, Reince
Priebus, dismissed
the notion of any clashing
ideologies within
the president's inner circle.
To discuss, we are joined by
former NPR CEO
Ken Stern.
He profiled Steve Bannon for
"Vanity Fair."
And Phil Rucker, he's White
House bureau chief
for The Washington Post.
And we welcome both of you to
the "NewsHour."
I'm going to start with you, Ken
Stern.
Fill out -- since you have
written about him,
fill out the picture of who
Steve Bannon is
and especially what does he
believe?
KEN STERN, Former CEO, NPR: So,
Steve -- just
little bit of background about
Steve Bannon.
He was a Goldman Sachs banker,
got wealthy
doing media deals.
Got into conservative media
doing documentaries
and met Andrew Breitbart, became
sort of friend
and counsel to him.
And then, when Andrew died, he
took over Breitbart.
And he transformed Breitbart.
When Andrew Breitbart ran it, it
was a site
that made a lot of noise,
attacked a lot of
people in what he -- what Andrew
Breitbart
called the complex, the
Democratic Hollywood
activists.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
KEN STERN: And then -- but Steve
Bannon turned
it into a -- really a political
movement,
a populist, nationalist
political movement
that I think Donald Trump
eventually rode
to power.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Phil Rucker,
as somebody
who is covering the White House,
now, how
much of that nationalist,
populist movement
has Steve Bannon brought to the
White House?
PHILIP RUCKER, The Washington
Post: All of
it.
You can point to many of the
acts that President
Trump has taken in his first
month in office,
and it's that agenda, it's that
ideology.
And it's not so much that Bannon
is a puppeteer
here.
I think it's more that Bannon
and Trump are
soul mates ideologically.
They both have the same views,
the same beliefs
about this sort of populism and
nationalism
and upending the kind of world
institutions
and structures that we have
become accustomed
to in the post-World War II era.
And you see it on domestic
policy, on trade,
on economic moves, and also
certainly in the
foreign policy world.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Ken Stern, so
spell it out
for us.
Today, we heard Steve Bannon use
the term
economic nationalism.
He talked at one point about the
deconstruction
of the administrative state.
What is he saying he wants to
do?
KEN STERN: I think he wants to
change the
neo-liberal world order away
from free trade,
away from open borders.
It's America first.
It is a philosophy built on the
notion that
virtue lies with the people, and
the establishment
has stabbed the people in the
back.
And he wants to change that
world.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You're saying,
yes, Phil Rucker.
PHILIP RUCKER: That's exactly
right.
And it's interesting the
language that Bannon
used.
These are not terms that we
often hear in
the political mainstream.
And, in fact, some of the words
like globalist,
corporatist are terms you hear
on the political
left, like the Bernie Sanders
campaign.
But this is a really different
kind of movement
here.
It's not traditional
Republicanism.
It's nationalism, it's populism,
it's changing
the structures and the way
things work politically
and economically in the world
and here at
home.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Phil Rucker,
staying with you,
they did, as we were reporting
earlier, try
to paint a portrait of unity
today.
PHILIP RUCKER: That's right.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You would think
that Reince
Priebus and Steve Bannon were
the dearest
friends from way back.
What has it really been like
inside the White
House with them?
PHILIP RUCKER: Well, it's
changed a little
bit.
I think early on in the White
House, there
were these competing power
structures that
President Trump set up on
purpose, Bannon
as chief strategist, Reince
Priebus as chief
of staff.
And we were getting reports of
some tension,
not only between them, but among
their allies
within the administration.
But that seems to have cooled
off a bit.
There was a point a couple of
weeks in where
President Trump told all of his
aides in the
Oval Office, look, Reince
Priebus is in charge,
he is the chief of staff, the
process runs
through him.
And I think Bannon has adapted
to that.
And Bannon is more the ideas
guy, the strategist,
the person kind of coming up
with the grand
plan, whereas Reince Priebus is
the one implementing
it and orchestrating the process
and dealing
with kind of the hour-to-hour,
day-by-day
activities of the White House.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Ken Stern, so
based on what
you know about Steve Bannon, how
do you see
him operating in this White
House?
Because, as we heard Phil Rucker
say, he and
the president see eye to eye on
a lot.
So, how does he make his
influence felt?
KEN STERN: Well, I tend to think
-- so, I
agree with Phil.
I tend to think of Bannon as the
chief ideologist
of the White House, the ideas
guy, the guy
who is a political philosopher.
You even heard it today, the way
they talked.
Bannon talked about
deconstructing the
administrative
state.
Priebus talked about two-for-one
exchanges
of regulations.
Bannon is the big idea guy.
Priebus is the tactician.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But does that
mean that Reince
Priebus is going to be prepared
to go along
with all this agenda that Steve
Bannon espouses?
KEN STERN: I think this is very
strange bedfellows.
You know what they say about
politics.
But if you went back to
Breitbart, and during
the early part of the election,
before Bannon
joined the campaign, public
enemy number one
for Breitbart is the Republican
establishment.
They ran Paul -- they supported
Paul Nehlen
against Speaker Ryan.
They don't like people -- the
things that
Reince Priebus stands for.
So, it's a very odd collection.
And they may -- they seem
genuinely to get
along.
They may be just good actors.
But there has got to be
long-term tension
between the establishment and
the anti-establishment.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What is your
sense of that,
Phil Rucker?
You are saying that they seem to
be working
together better in the last few
weeks, but
what is the -- is there a fear,
is there a
concern about Bannon having too
much influence
over the president?
How does the rest of the White
House staff
read him?
PHILIP RUCKER: You know, there
is some concern
about that, but people have to
remember, it's
not just Bannon.
I mean, Bannon is espousing
Trump's views.
So if you're going to war with
Bannon, you're
going to war with the president,
too.
And I think the more traditional
Republicans
in the White House, even if they
have been
schooled to think differently
about these
issues ideologically, and even
if they personally
might feel something different,
this is Trump's
belief.
It's his agenda.
It's his world view.
It's the things that he is
trying to implement
as president.
And Bannon is guiding him and
leading him
in that direction.
But the other staffers have to
kind of go
along, or get lost, if you will.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And that sounds
like the makings
of a tense situation, Ken Stern.
KEN STERN: It does.
It really does.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, it's
certainly something
that has all our attention right
now.
Ken Stern, Phil Rucker, we thank
you both.
PHILIP RUCKER: Thank you.
KEN STERN: Thank you, Judy.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": an
Oscar-nominated
documentary on the Syrians who
risk their
own lives to save others in the
country's
civil war; and a daughter's
appreciation of
her mother's life work years
after her death.
But first: the second of a
two-part look at
the declining life expectancy
for some middle-aged
white Americans.
Last week, economics
correspondent Paul Solman
examined the role prescription
painkillers
and alcohol may play in the
trend.
Tonight, he explores how the
economy and the
job market may be involved.
Its part of our weekly series
Making Sense,
which airs Thursdays.
PAUL SOLMAN: The Hardee's in
Maysville, Kentucky,
a popular hangout for the senior
set.
Martin Sauer used to work for
the sheriff's
department, where he says he saw
his share
of Saturday night drunks, but
nothing like
the current opioid drug
epidemic.
MARTIN SAUER, Kentucky: People
get hooked
on it and can't get off of it,
or don't want
to, causing a lot of younger
generation to
lose their lives.
PAUL SOLMAN: And by younger
generation, Sauer
means his middle-aged neighbors,
who, as we
reported last week, are
experiencing a stunning
rise in premature deaths due to
alcoholism,
suicide and drug abuse.
But why?
ANGUS DEATON, Economist: The
health crisis
here is particularly among white
working-class
or white people with a high
school and no
more.
For those people, the economy's
been very
hard for a very long time.
PAUL SOLMAN: Predictably, Angus
Deaton and
Anne Case, economists who have
documented
the dramatic decrease in life
expectancy,
say an obvious place to look for
a cause is
the economy.
ANNE CASE, Economist: It used to
be, with
a high school degree, you could
get a job,
that actually could provide for
your family.
And the disappearance of those
may lead people
to feel a lot more stressed.
PAUL SOLMAN: Indeed, in the
period covered
by their study, 1999-2014,
inflation-adjusted
income for households headed by
a high school
graduate fell by 19 percent.
Well away from the Ivory Tower,
on the ground
in Maysville, Wayne Pendleton
has lived the
change.
WAYNE PENDLETON, Kentucky:
Maysville, when
we moved here, was a pretty well
flourishing
little town right here.
But we have lived here, what, 17
years?
And you can just name the stuff
that's left
here.
You can't take a job away from a
guy 55 years
old and expect him to start all
over again.
SHERMAN SAUNDERS, Kentucky: Even
at my age,
it's depressing if you're not
trying to do
something.
PAUL SOLMAN: Despite four heart
attacks, Sherman
Saunders still wants to work.
SHERMAN SAUNDERS: That's not
someone else's
responsibility to take care of
the family.
It's supposed to be yours.
You have to go to work to do
that yourself.
MARCY CONNER, Nurse: Most of the
men aren't
working.
PAUL SOLMAN: Marcy Conner, a
nurse specializing
in substance abuse, has a
close-up view of
the downward spiral.
MARCY CONNER: All of a sudden,
you lose your
job.
So, here is a male with no
identity.
He's not working.
He's supposed to be a provider
for his family.
He can't even do that.
So that low self-worth, along
with that hopelessness
feeling, we start seeing
tremendous depression.
So, how do you relieve
depression?
You can relieve it with drug
use, alcohol
use, or suicide.
PAUL SOLMAN: Conner's own
husband died of
alcohol poisoning.
MARCY CONNER: Poured alcohol
down his feeding
tube until he died.
PAUL SOLMAN: The husband of best
friend Becky
Manning also killed himself.
BECKY MANNING, Widow: He blew
his head off.
PAUL SOLMAN: Joseph Manning had
been a truck
driver for 30 years.
BECKY MANNING: And then he
retired at 55,
which then gave him nothing to
do.
Then he started getting
depressed.
And then we would go to
different doctors,
and then they would just try
different drugs.
And those never worked, because
they caused
side effects, which made him
feel worse about
himself.
PAUL SOLMAN: Right, weight gain?
BECKY MANNING: Yes, he gained
weight.
PAUL SOLMAN: Libido?
BECKY MANNING: Absolutely, where
I'm worthless.
I can't be here for my wife, you
know?
PAUL SOLMAN: So when you hear
about the end
of work, the jobs, like truck
driving jobs...
BECKY MANNING: Right.
PAUL SOLMAN: ... which will be
replaced by...
BECKY MANNING: Absolutely.
PAUL SOLMAN: ... self driving
cars, you think?
BECKY MANNING: What are these
men going to
do?
Yes.
MARCY CONNER: In this next
generation, I think
you're going to see the death
rate continue
to climb.
PAUL SOLMAN: Local doctor Craig
Denham buys
into the economic hypothesis.
DR.
WILLIAM CRAIG DENHAM, Family
Physician: Economics
is a major component.
Job availability is a major
component.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, case closed.
Economics explains the epidemic
of suicide
and overdose deaths ravaging
America's white
working-class.
Not so fast, say Case and
Deaton.
ANNE CASE: Because Europeans
have suffered
too in this -- the jobs leaving
the country,
but we don't see them killing
themselves.
ANGUS DEATON: Yes, you know,
Spain suffered.
The unemployment rate went from
5 percent
to like 25 percent.
And the health improved.
PAUL SOLMAN: And what about
working-class
black Americans?
ANNE CASE: African-Americans'
rates of death
from suicide, drug overdose and
alcohol have
been flat.
They have not risen.
DARRICK HAMILTON, Economist:
It's not as if
stress is something new to the
black American
population.
We have been dealing with stress
for quite
a long time.
PAUL SOLMAN: Economist Darrick
Hamilton.
DARRICK HAMILTON: The impact of
stress is
not new, so that's why you're
probably not
seeing an uptick the way it is
for whites.
We're used to struggle,
unfortunately.
ANGUS DEATON: And also there's
this argument
on the other side that whites
have been ahead
for so long that, when they see
their world
coming apart, even though
they're still doing
much better than blacks, then
they see equalization
as oppression.
ROBERT FRANK, Economist: The
group that they
studied is one that has, by
almost every concrete
measure, been falling behind in
recent decades.
PAUL SOLMAN: Economist Bob Frank
has devoted
much of his career to the study
of inequality.
ROBERT FRANK: Life is graded on
the curve.
It's not how well you do in
absolute terms.
It's how well you do relative to
your competitors.
PAUL SOLMAN: Or relative to your
own past.
ROBERT FRANK: And if you're in a
chronic loser
position, I think that's a
position that just
wears people down eventually.
PAUL SOLMAN: Psychologically and
physiologically,
as low status is linked to
decreased serotonin
in the brain, which can cause
dysphoria, a
state of intense unease and
distress.
ROBERT FRANK: If you're exposed
to having
low status in a chronic way and
experiencing
protracted feelings of
dysphoria, it's not
surprising that many people
would turn to
drink and drugs as a way to
alleviate such
feelings.
PAUL SOLMAN: In fact, according
to a recent
study by
economist Alan Krueger,
middle-aged men who
have dropped out of the labor
force report
notably low levels of emotional
well-being,
and more than half take pain
medication every
day.
ANGUS DEATON: And so, if you
suffer enough,
and your kids are not doing very
well, and
the world's going to hell in a
handbasket,
then suicide, either directly or
through painkillers
or alcohol, might seem like a
not completely
crazy thing to do.
PAUL SOLMAN: There is, we should
acknowledge,
another take on the rise in
so-called deaths
of despair.
ANTHONY FLANNERY, Kentucky: I
don't buy into
the everything fell apart, so
now I just -- I
can't do nothing.
I still believe in the American
dream.
PAUL SOLMAN: Anthony Flannery,
who works long
hours in health care, and on
funding his dream
of making music full-time,
doesn't dispute
the data.
He just doesn't think they
provide an excuse
or even much of an explanation.
ANTHONY FLANNERY: So people that
lay around
and give up, I don't relate to
it.
It's like, OK, I can understand
getting knocked
down, and now you, oh, I don't
know what to
do.
I'm overwhelmed.
I get that.
I have been there countless
times.
But you have to get focused,
pick yourself
up, find a direction, and make
it happen in
your life and for your family.
PAUL SOLMAN: But if the problem
is a decline
in moral fiber, what would
explain that?
Too easy access to remedies that
seem to cure
all problems, until they become
the problem
themselves, or, longer term, the
deteriorating
economics of white working-age
America, relative
to any and all expectations?
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
economics correspondent
Paul Solman, reporting from
Kentucky.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Next month, the
Syrian civil
war will enter its sixth year.
The United Nations estimates
that more than
400,000 Syrians have been
killed, and more
than 10 million people have
either fled the
country or been displaced within
it since
the war began.
A documentary that's up for an
Oscar on Sunday
attempts to put a human face on
that conflict.
Jeffrey Brown has the story for
our series
Beyond the Red Carpet.
JEFFREY BROWN: They are images
at once shocking
and strangely familiar, the
daily destruction
of Syria's civil war.
But the Oscar-nominated
documentary short
"The White Helmets" aims to get
beyond the
numbness of this conflict now
dragging into
its sixth year.
ORLANDO VON EINSIEDEL, Director,
"The White
Helmets": The Syria conflict has
been going
on for so long, it's so
upsetting, and people
feel so powerless.
And the story of the White
Helmets is a story
of hope.
JEFFREY BROWN: Director Orlando
Von Einsiedel
and producer Joanna Natasegara
are best known
for "Virunga," their
Oscar-nominated 2014
documentary about a team of
Congolese National
Park guards who protect gorillas
from poachers.
In "The White Helmets," they
profile a volunteer
group of first-responders
working to rescue
victims of the ongoing assault
on cities like
Aleppo, a group that's been
featured on this
news program and others.
So, since 2013, the White
Helmets, whose official
name is the Syrian Civil
Defense, has, by
some estimates, saved 70,000
people.
ORLANDO VON EINSIEDEL: What we
found most
extraordinary was who the rescue
workers were,
this group of everyday Syrian
civilians who
had decided not to pick up a
gun, had decided
not to leave Syria, and instead
had decided
to stay and every day risk their
lives to
save their fellow citizens.
And they're builders, tailors,
bakers, just
normal people.
They're truly real-life heroes.
JEFFREY BROWN: What was it like
to meet them?
JOANNA NATASEGARA, Producer,
"The White Helmets":
It was really nerve-racking at
first.
We didn't know if they would
live up to this
incredible story we that we
thought we had
found.
And, actually, what we found was
people that
were even more heroic and
inspiring than we
had thought.
JEFFREY BROWN: There is this
moment in which
a baby is rescued from the
rubble, which is
just incredible.
It's almost -- you couldn't
believe you're
watching what you're seeing.
It's almost -- you couldn't
believe you're
watching what you're seeing.
ORLANDO VON EINSIEDEL: Yes.
It's -- the tragedy is, scenes
like that are
playing out every day inside
Syria.
But this particular rescue, the
very fact
that it's been documented, it
acts as a moment
of hope and something to rally
around that,
really, there is still hope in
Syria and there
are very brave people doing
incredible work.
JEFFREY BROWN: For safety
reasons, interviews
and some of the filming were
done in Turkey,
near the border and away from
the immediate
danger.
But the filmmakers found a way
to get a close-up
view.
JOANNA NATASEGARA: Usually, in
our work, we
would be on site in a location
even in a war
zone filming ourselves.
But in this situation, the White
Helmets themselves
said: Please don't, please don't
do that,
because, actually, you put our
teams at greater
risk as well.
So, luckily, we didn't need to.
We found -- we were very lucky
to find a young
White Helmet called Khaled
Khateeb whose work
in photography had been used by
The New York
Times.
And so we brought him out to the
Turkish-Syrian
border, and we paired him with
our own cinematographer.
And they worked together for
five weeks to
really -- you know, to learn a
common language.
JEFFREY BROWN: Were there
surprises for you
in this process?
I assume you knew something
about it going
in, but...
ORLANDO VON EINSIEDEL: I think
we knew going
into this project just how --
the physical
stress and the physical violence
that the
White Helmets experience on a
daily basis.
But we were really shocked by
the emotional
toll this work takes on them.
And even inside Turkey, which is
relatively
safe, the guys at the end of the
training
every day, when they got their
phones and
they connected to Wi-Fi, they'd
suddenly get
this barrage of messages about
the day's bombings.
And they'd find out that
colleagues had been
killed or family members or
friends.
And it was so shocking.
And yet, despite all of that,
they -- these
guys still have hope.
ABU OMAR, White Helmet (through
translator):
I've learned many lessons from
baby Mahmoud.
Patience, persistence, hard
work, and never
to lose hope.
No matter what happens, they
will live.
JEFFREY BROWN: And, at the end
of the film,
one of the White Helmets says,
"Tomorrow will
be better."
What is the situation for them
today?
JOANNA NATASEGARA: Oh, gosh.
MD-BO /You know, they -- they
have all dispersed
now.
The teams from Eastern Aleppo
are obviously
no longer in Eastern Aleppo.
They're a target for the regime.
And Eastern Aleppo is now under
regime control.
So, they have gone on to join
White Helmet
centers in other areas of Syria
and are continuing
to do their work.
But who knows what is next for
the conflict?
We certainly hope for the best,
but things
aren't looking to improve any
time soon.
JEFFREY BROWN: Some news since
our interview
last week: After initial fear
they wouldn't
be able to enter the U.S.
following the travel
ban, it looks like White Helmets
cameraman
Khaled Khateeb and the group's
leader, Raed
Saleh, will attend the Oscars
ceremony this
Sunday.
And you can stream "The White
Helmets" now
on Netflix.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Jeffrey Brown
from Los Angeles.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you can't
watch that without
being moved by it.
And you can check out all of our
coverage
of potential Academy Award
winners on our
Web site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
You can search for Beyond the
Red Carpet.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now to our
Brief But Spectacular
series, where we ask people to
describe their
passions.
Kathleen Collins was one of the
first African-American
women to direct a feature film,
"Losing Ground."
Having passed away from cancer
in 1988, she
is remembered tonight by her
daughter, Nina
Collins.
Nearly 30 years after her death,
Collins has
restored her mother's work,
including a book
of her short stories, entitled
"Whatever Happened
To Interracial Love?"
NINA COLLINS, Daughter of
Kathleen Collins:
My mother was one of the first
black women,
I think the second black woman
to make a feature
film in America.
She wrote, produced, and
directed "Losing
Ground."
She made the film in 1982.
This was before "The Cosby
Show," which, for
me, was the big time we really
saw black middle-class
Americans in popular culture.
Really, it had just not been
seen.
I think that was why the films
weren't released
in their time.
I turned 47 this year, and my
mother died
when she was 46.
And last year was a difficult,
complicated
year for me.
Her work was being released.
I was the same age she was when
she died.
I was really lucky to have a
mother who made
me feel like I could definitely
do anything.
She was enormously capable, but
it was also
hard.
I think she was pretty
depressed.
She was always writing.
She was always in her room
typing and kind
of distracted.
She had first gotten cancer when
I was 11,
and then had a recurrence when I
was 15, and
then a third recurrence when I
was 18.
And she kept all of that a
secret from me.
Then I went off to study abroad
for a year.
I came home from Europe, and she
was very,
very sick.
And she died two weeks later.
And the only thing that she was
explicit about
was that she wanted me to take
care of my
brother.
It was incredibly stressful, and
we had no
money, and I felt abandoned and
didn't know
what to do.
So, I collected all of her
writing that I
could find and her photographs
and copies
of everything, and put it in
this big trunk
that I found in our house.
I really couldn't go through it.
It was just too painful.
And then, in my 30s, so, you
know, almost
20 years later, I was going
through a difficult
time in my own life and kind of
realized that
I hadn't looked at my history
enough.
I started looking through this
trunk and reading
her journals and her letters.
There were screenplays and plays
and short
stories that I had never read
and an unfinished
novel.
It was a huge treasure trove of
material.
I had "Losing Ground" restored
really so that
it wouldn't be lost.
When the Lincoln Center
announced that they
wanted it for this festival, we
didn't expect
what happened to happen.
So, suddenly, we started getting
all these
reviews.
I woke up to a "New Yorker"
review on my phone,
and I just couldn't stop crying.
So, it's very bittersweet.
She's been dead now almost 30
years.
And I can't imagine what she
would feel if
she knew all these things had
happened.
I feel like I'm championing my
mother.
I'm bringing her work to light.
And I'm also working through my
own relationship
with her.
And I think, as I get older, I'm
able to understand
better what she was going
through and to forgive
her for some of the things that
I missed.
My name is Nina Collins, and
this is my Brief
But Spectacular take on my
mother.
HARI SREENIVASAN: You can watch
additional
Brief But Spectacular episodes
on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour/Brief.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online right
now: A study shows that bees can
learn new
tricks from other bees.
We learn why -- or we look at
why small brains
don't necessarily equate to less
intelligent
species.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And that's the
"NewsHour"
for tonight.
On Friday, as Democrats meet
this weekend
to elect a new leader, we look
at the party's
path forward during a fractious
time.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.